README.md, before:

# Spike starter

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/FabienArcellier/spike-starter.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/FabienArcellier/spike-starter)

this tool allow to create a project prefix with the date and the time to
experiment.

```bash
# Simple usage
python -m spike-starter myproject
# This command will generate 20180410_0722__myproject
```

It allow to use an existing directory as a reference

```bash
# Generate a directory based on a template
python -m spike-starter --template ~/template/java myproject
python -m spike-starter -t ~/template/java myproject
```

## Usage with alias

An alias can be use to generate a spike based on a specific stack.

```bash
alias spike-starter-python='spike-starter -t ~/projects/0004-spikes_template/python_spike'
alias spike-starter-python3='spike-starter -t ~/projects/0004-spikes_template/python3_spike'
```

## Installation

after the installation, the command `spike_starter` can be used from anywhere on your
system.

1. install with pip

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FabienArcellier/spike-starter.git
cd spike-starter
pip install .
```

## Contribute

### Validation

A pull request on Spike starter should pass the automatic tests.

```bash
make lint
make tests
```

Commit message:

configure continuous integration process
* use a single target as continuous integration process

README.md, after:

# Spike starter

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/FabienArcellier/spike-starter.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/FabienArcellier/spike-starter)

this tool allow to create a project prefix with the date and the time to
experiment.

```bash
# Simple usage
python -m spike-starter myproject
# This command will generate 20180410_0722__myproject
```

It allow to use an existing directory as a reference

```bash
# Generate a directory based on a template
python -m spike-starter --template ~/template/java myproject
python -m spike-starter -t ~/template/java myproject
```

## Usage with alias

An alias can be use to generate a spike based on a specific stack.

```bash
alias spike-starter-python='spike-starter -t ~/projects/0004-spikes_template/python_spike'
alias spike-starter-python3='spike-starter -t ~/projects/0004-spikes_template/python3_spike'
```

## Installation

after the installation, the command `spike_starter` can be used from anywhere on your
system.

1. install with pip

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FabienArcellier/spike-starter.git
cd spike-starter
pip install .
```

## Contribute

### Validation

A pull request on Spike starter should pass the automatic tests.

```bash
make ci
```

### Available operations

```
$make

ci                             execute continuous integration process on spike-starter
help                           provides cli help for this make file (default)
lint                           provides cli help for this make file (default) for python 3
tests_integrations             run integrations tests
tests                          run all validation tests for python 3
venv                           generate python 3 virtualenv in venv directory
```
